# Go API client for openapi

The search API provides programmatic access to data that powers our search results & more.
Kagi APIs

We have the following APIs available.
### Commercial

- Kagi Search API (invite only at the moment)
- Web and News Enrichment API (public, exposes Kagi's own indexes Teclis and TinyGem)
- Universal Summarizer API (public)
- FastGPT API (public)

Quick start for all APIs:

- Get the API key (requires a Kagi account).
- Top off your API credits.
- Call the API.

### Free

- Kagi Small Web RSS feed (public)

### Unofficial Client Libraries

Libraries created by Kagi users and third parties.

- kagigo for Go - FastGPT & Universal Summarizer
- kagi-api for Rust
- kagi-dotnet for C#/.NET

### Beta Status

The API is currently in a \"v0\" beta status. Changes will be ongoing, and will be added to the documentation below as features become available.

Use at your own risk, but please reach out to us if you have any questions.

See the Support and Community section for details.
### GitHub Discussions

This is the preferred venue for bug reports and feature requests.

- Bug Reports
- Q&A Forum
- API Feature Requests

### Discord
Join our Discord! Good for quick questions, chatting about thing you've made with our APIs!


## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.14.0-SNAPSHOT
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://kagi.com/support](https://kagi.com/support)

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import openapi "github.com/kagisearch/api-clients/out/go"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `openapi.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `openapi.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `openapi.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `openapi.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://kagi.com/api/v0*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*EnrichmentAPI* | [**EnrichSearch**](docs/EnrichmentAPI.md#enrichsearch) | **Get** /enrich/{type} | Get enriched search results
*FastGPTAPI* | [**FastGPT**](docs/FastGPTAPI.md#fastgpt) | **Post** /fastgpt | Answer a query.
*SearchAPI* | [**Search**](docs/SearchAPI.md#search) | **Get** /search | Perform a search.
*SearchAPI* | [**SuperSearch**](docs/SearchAPI.md#supersearch) | **Get** /v1/search | Perform a super charged search.
*SummarizerAPI* | [**SummarizeText**](docs/SummarizerAPI.md#summarizetext) | **Post** /summarize | Upload text to summarize.
*SummarizerAPI* | [**SummarizeURL**](docs/SummarizerAPI.md#summarizeurl) | **Get** /summarize | Get a summary for a URL


## Documentation For Models

 - [EnrichSearch200Response](docs/EnrichSearch200Response.md)
 - [ExampleError](docs/ExampleError.md)
 - [ExampleErrorError](docs/ExampleErrorError.md)
 - [FastGPT200Response](docs/FastGPT200Response.md)
 - [FastGPT200ResponseData](docs/FastGPT200ResponseData.md)
 - [FastGPTRequest](docs/FastGPTRequest.md)
 - [Meta](docs/Meta.md)
 - [Search200Response](docs/Search200Response.md)
 - [Search200ResponseDataInner](docs/Search200ResponseDataInner.md)
 - [SearchObject](docs/SearchObject.md)
 - [SearchRelated](docs/SearchRelated.md)
 - [Summary](docs/Summary.md)
 - [SummaryData](docs/SummaryData.md)
 - [SuperSearch200Response](docs/SuperSearch200Response.md)
 - [SuperSearch200ResponseData](docs/SuperSearch200ResponseData.md)
 - [SuperSearchRequest](docs/SuperSearchRequest.md)
 - [UploadText](docs/UploadText.md)
 - [V1Meta](docs/V1Meta.md)
 - [V1MetaQuery](docs/V1MetaQuery.md)
 - [V1MetaQueryFieldsInner](docs/V1MetaQueryFieldsInner.md)
 - [V1ResultAdjacentQuestion](docs/V1ResultAdjacentQuestion.md)
 - [V1ResultAdjacentQuestionProps](docs/V1ResultAdjacentQuestionProps.md)
 - [V1ResultInfobox](docs/V1ResultInfobox.md)
 - [V1ResultInfoboxProps](docs/V1ResultInfoboxProps.md)
 - [V1ResultInfoboxPropsInfoboxInner](docs/V1ResultInfoboxPropsInfoboxInner.md)
 - [V1ResultSearch](docs/V1ResultSearch.md)
 - [V1ResultSearchImage](docs/V1ResultSearchImage.md)
 - [V1ResultSearchProps](docs/V1ResultSearchProps.md)
 - [V1ResultSearchPropsThumbnailImage](docs/V1ResultSearchPropsThumbnailImage.md)
 - [V1ResultVideo](docs/V1ResultVideo.md)
 - [V1ResultVideoProps](docs/V1ResultVideoProps.md)
 - [V1ResultWebArchive](docs/V1ResultWebArchive.md)
 - [V1ResultWebArchiveProps](docs/V1ResultWebArchiveProps.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### kagi

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Authorization
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: kagi and passed in as the auth context for each request.

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(
		context.Background(),
		openapi.ContextAPIKeys,
		map[string]openapi.APIKey{
			"kagi": {Key: "API_KEY_STRING"},
		},
	)
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```

### ApiKeyAuth

- **Type**: HTTP Bearer token authentication

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), openapi.ContextAccessToken, "BEARER_TOKEN_STRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author

support@kagi.com

